Update headline feature & manual for GCE changes (#1346)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/nightly/1.2_release_notes.md

Global parameters now support the same types as smart variables and smart class parameters.
As a part of this change searching by parameter value is no longer allowed. ([#4127](https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/4127))

#### Google Compute Resource

> Google Compute Resource has been fixed now as due to changes in google compute APIs, previously it was broken. The cloud-init integration also being added to google compute resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Compute Resource has been fixed now. Due to changes in google compute APIs, it was previously broken. cloud-init integration has also been added to google compute resource. There are few edge cases which are still need to be handled, but basic provisioning should be functional.
```
